---
layout: article
title: Microfactory
abstract: This is an introduction to the Microfactory Project.
eyeCatcher: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/f9mdszblzNUL9zA3Wse2mNVsSDC8SYb8KOSif6wDQFe59ADgX-hYUTYMLFoNixAUIauokhqgW8lMHU_lUhFFyg3HiLZzTijZNC5AJnxzWAdkaKru6r5Jks536v1-g3TK18wAXJWGrg=w2400

categories: misc
tags: demo jekyll
properties: pinned
---

# PCW Microfactory
This project presents the design of a Printed Circuit Wiring (PCW) boards Microfactory scalable for space use.

In space applications, such as orbital, or non-earth planetary enviroments, electronic equipment may fail, or new products, to satisfy inmmeadiate needs, such as solutions to fix elements in orbit, or fabricating machines on the moon. In this context, sending a 1kg - 10cm x 10cm x 10cm piece, can cost up to $10.000 USD, therefore costs of sending a spare board can be extremely expensive, and take too much time. Likewise, machines used traditionally for manufacturing like industrial CNC Milling machines, or Solder Masking coating machines, require big surface area and depend on gravity to execute their processes.

## Microfactories

Microfactories, are small production plants at a reduced scale, which improve manufacturing flexibility for small batches. Given this process is done in a smaller area compared with the traditional one, the internal product transport system requires the least possible surface to execute it's tasks. This concept seeks to minimize energy, waste and footprint generated by factories.

## Printed Circuit Wiring Board

## Scalable for space





## section 1

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

## section 2

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]: https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/


```cpp
#include <iostream>
using namespace std;

int main() {
  cout << "Hello World!";
  return 0;
}
// prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
```

```python
class Person:
  def __init__(self, name, age):
    self.name = name
    self.age = age

p1 = Person("John", 36)

print(p1.name)
print(p1.age)
```
